Release details:
This package provides the core functionality 
of the XBRLAPI.  The XLink, XPointer,
XMLBase packages also need to be downloaded to 
use the XBRLAPI. The DOM-based data store 
is included.  If you want to use a persistent 
data store then you need to download the JAR 
for the desired data store also.

Release 5.0
July 28, 2009
Backward incompatible release of the API involving fundamental
changes to the query language.  The query language is now
XQuery 1.0 rather than XPath 2.0.  This change has meant
that the Xindice data store is no longer supported.
The new release also provides mature relationship
persistence features, enabling XLink relationships
to be documented in the persisted database to 
dramatically improve the performance of operations
relying on the analysis of XLink relationship networks.
A number of significant changes have also been made to
function signatures in the API, reflecting the fact that
data stores now contain considerably more information
than just fragments of XBRL documents.

Release 4.0
January 7, 2009
Backward incompatible release of the API involving changes
to many method signatures - almost all of which are related
to the decision to replace java.net.URL with java.net.URI where
possible.
Created the first data file release.

Release 3.4
December 10, 2008
Fixed problems in construction of JAR files with the 3.3 release.

Release 3.3
November 24, 2008
Significant number of bug fixes to the API.  New packages and improved
performance.  There are some minor backward compatibility issues with previous
releases.
First release of the examples module.
Basic new XDT fragment types created. XDT fragment detection implemented.
Basic dimension value analysis features implemented.  All released as the new
XDT module.


Release 3.2
July 30, 2008
Point release to upgrade data store performance and
to incorporate changes to document indexing system
and changes to the document identification system.

Release 3.1
Feb 28, 2008
Point release to include various bug-fixes. 

Release 3.0
July 29, 2007
Added new network and relationship level functionality.
Created the bdbxml module to enable the Oracle Berkeley 
XML database to be used as a persistent data store for
XBRLAPI.
Created the utilities module that is 
required by all other XBRLAPI modules.  


Release 2.0
May 21, 2007
Fixed up omission of class files from the JAR file.

Release 2.0
March 23, 2007
Created the api module by splitting out the 
non-DOM data store implementations.

Release 1.0
First cut of the XBRLAPI.  Included the Xindice and eXist data stores.
Includes XLink XPointer and XMLBase processing capabilities. 


Release 0.2 update
Date September 25, 2006
Fixed up the Exist indexing.
Added a lot of fragment interface implementation.
Merged the data and metadata collections.
Fixed up the Jar file manifest to make the -jar file option
work from execution at the commandline.

Release 0.2
Date September 14, 2006
This version is now ready for testing.

Release 0.1 update
Date August 10, 2006
Implemented the data store using the Exist database and implemented
the data store using an in-memory XML DOM.

Release 0.1 update
Date December 9, 2005
Fixed incorrect content for the release documents.
Captured large number of improvements to the API implementation.

Release: 0.1
Date: May 6, 2005

XBRLAPI

The XBRLAPI is an XBRL API and an implementation of that API in Java.
It is intended to provide a complete set of XBRL manipulation functionality
using persistent data storage for XBRL information.

See the installation instructions that are available at http://www.xbrlapi.org/
